[Music]
fun group welcome to detention Spencer
Bethany fridge Martha you're all here
for a reason you know what it is you
should be thinking about who you are and
who you want to be fortunately you'll
have plenty of time to figure that out
while you're cleaning out the basement
that are you going to help
are you too pretty I'm Capri yo what's
this a game for those who seek to find a
way to leave their world behind Jumanji
you pick a character and you're that
person in the game Richland offered I
don't think it matters how much you
scream boy
don't worry bear there I'll be the curvy
genius doctor smolder brave stop
guessing Ruby roundhouse
guys oh my god rich Empress who used me
she why are wearing half a shirt and
short shorts in the jungle thinks we got
sucked into Jumanji and we become the
avatars we jump so that means Bethany
bully Bethany so look at it wow I'm an
overweight middle-aged man I don't have
my claritin and all I see around here is
fog well I don't have a top two feet of
my body
welcome to Jumanji
and well now
this is a video game which means we all
have special skills I was so intense I
like can't even with this question
everybody wrong
I have to warn you I think I'm a very
strong puncher
[Music]
dammit don't cry don't cry cry it's
gonna be okay
alright alright I can't help it step in
here
[Music]
maybe we're all in a coma what metal
game machine level like you get in their
favor I'm not gonna get in there you get
in there yeah I got a backpack oh you'll
get water with it backpack everybody
knows that
[Music]